AHI
yee

of d the eSun | have great

lara ee Nerina til ae

ae mar vid 3 ' inte; in _ -

:
“ate
ae

appreciation for the sto-
rics he has to tell.

[ do therefore find it a
pity thatO Kutenda finds
it ‘crazy’ to expect from
surnames ‘such as
Lombard and Hofmeyr
to agree with Diescho'.
William Hofmeyr is re
lecturer inthe Depurt- |
mentof English at Unum. if
I therctore again object
tothe assumptions based.
upon languages and sure
numes us if they were -
fixcdcntities without any
possibility of historical
change.

And Fo again ask. for
freedom and space for.
all Afrikaans- ‘speaking
Namibians to contribute):
to the peaceful building
Of our nation +o in :
Afrikaans, where: appli-
cable. Again this nota

specific language which

is peaceful. Peace is pro

moted by human bein; :
in open relationships t

‘one ¢ another, with 0

een en re

fn | tree
Het aT
ody i

Halll

Hy

coop
et

