Warning to Jews

WE WISH to place on record our ex-
treme disquiet at the action of the
Israel Defence Force and the Israeli
police on the West Bank and in Gaza
over the past few weeks. As Jews who
â€˜have taken considerable pride in the
achievements of Israel - not least
because of its stated commitment to
democratic principles - we are filled
with dismay atthe reaction tothe pro-
test in the territories. We have con.
demned similar behaviour in South
Africa and, as active and identifying
Jews, feel compelled to condemn such
acction on the part of the Jewish state.
As South Africans we have first.
hand experience of a system of govern-
ment in which the rule of law hasbeen
eroded steadily over the past forty
years and civil liberties have been
replaced by increasing repression.
From the context of our experience we
wish to emphasise that peace and
stability can only be achieved by open-
ended political negotiation where the
parties tothe negotiation process have
been freely elected by their.
constituencies.
Any attempt at negotiation, when
coupled with repressive measures, is
doomed to failure andcan only leadto
increasingly authoritarian policies.
For this reason, we urge our fellow
Jews in Israel not toproceed alongthe
path which has led South Africa into
its vicious cycle of civil violen |
This letter has been submitted tothe
raeli press. ee

JEWS FOR JUSTICE
PO BOX 13026
MOWBRAY 7708
