GRN Should Lead By Example On HIV

AFTER many vears
Of evasive and apolo-
getic reactious (alleg-
ing individual rights
and confidentiality) to
The Namibianâ€™s appeal
to the feaders of the
Namibian government
to lead by example by
allowing themselves be
tested and make their
HIV status known, 1 is
appalling to hear that the
Minister of Health and
other GRN leaders are
now in unison and want
to force the churches
to demand HIV certifi-
cates from people who

Want to marry ins the
churches Phe question
here is: Why is the de-
mand to be made only
from. those who want
lo marry in a church
When magistrates who
are. for instance, part
of government, also
perform marriages in
this country?

Were the Hon Mensah
and the Deputy Prime
Minister also asked to
produce HIV certificates
when they marricd re-
cently?

Let the Namibian
legislators who were

elected to pass laws for
the entire country: lead
by example and puss a
law that demands HIV
status from every Na-
mibian citizen and any
inhabitant of Namibia
(including MPs and all
cabinet members whoa
so often tend to exoner-
ate themselves) and not
only churchgoers.

GRN members, put
yourown house inorder
first; stop appcaling to
people to go for testing
when you yourselves
haven't done sa.

If you want tobe cred-

ible, vou should cather
Make vour appeal at the
centre where you submit
vourself to the test,

Stop double stand:
ards; or otherwise. give
Cacsar what belongs to
Caesar and to God what
belongs to God. that is:
leave churcheoers in
peace and alone until
you address the issue
of demanding the HIV
status fron all inhabit-
ants of Namibia and not
only Christians.

Concerned Christian
Windhoek
