Special Representative of the
Secretary-General will remain inthe
country until independence.”

2) On the question of whether the
Administrator-General appointed by
the South African Government will
administer the country: Prof Heywood
is quite correct in stating that Res 435
provides for ‘‘the withdrawal of South
Africa’s illegal administration from
Namibia and the transfer of power to
the people of Namibia, with the
assistance of the UN in accordance
with Res 385 (1976)’’ However, it
should be pointed out that Res 435
(1978) is a compromise plan designed
to remove South Africa’s illegal oc-
cupation in Namibia, with the co- |
operation of the South African
representative, the Administrator.
General, asa central feature tothe im-
plementation of theSettlement Plan. |

Tat. .4§2..2.. A. .
