e

Ty
Orin
Ime
bee.
Can

Ing
Or

He
NY

or
if

‘Drug Problem
By A Drug Cult

WE NORMALLY per-
Cesve the drug probleny

as 4 youth problem, We

tend to forget that our

souiety representsadnig
culture in which adult
are the protagonists ot
legal and legal drugs
1t should nor be forgot
ten that the drug prob-
fem has its genesis as an
adult problem before
youngsters become in.
volved.

This is not simply be-
Cause adults manufac.
(ure and sell drugs: it is
also because they en.
Courage their use by
open or hidden means.

Young People try
drugs after having ob.
served adults around
them. Many adults are
also faced with drug and
addiction Problems.
Drug abuse cuts across
all age 8roups. Suicide
rates by subscription

drugs are highest among
adults.

Ina society inundated
with illegal and legal
drugs, sooner or later
everyone has a personal
encounter with drugs.
The problem ts thar Ie.
gal dnigs are socially
tolerated and are not
considered to be of any
hamn to the human mind
and body.

Alcohol is the most
destructive drug known
fomankind. Alcohol isa
drug, nota beverage. In
accordance with com-
moncustom, millions of
people automatically

f V4 > i i

i

Aggravated
ure ...”

serve and consume al-
cohol whenever they
Want to relax, be SOC 1a-
ble or celebrate. When
iS a fine meal complete
without wine? What isa
Sports game without a
fewcans of beer, or New
Year's Eve without a
battle of champagne?

Alcohol causes 8 lot
Of deaths: some of the
victims are involved in
alcohol-related automo.
bile crashes. Others are
victims of the violence
that alcohol Induces or
the diseases that it
Causes,

Tt ts the World's most
abused substance: six
Out of 10 people use it,
but still atts legal.

Tens of millions of
adults and one-fourth of
alltecnagers Over the age
Of 16 are addicted to
nicotine, asubstance that
medicalexperts identify
as the most addictive
drug in use today

Most smokers would
Probably admit that they
cannot give up smoking
when they want to: that
they crave each succes-
Sive Cigarette and that
the cigarettes they
smoke are destructive to
their health.

Despite its addictive

Propentcs, few People
think of tobaccoas atrue
drug. After all, Aeotine,
the addictive component
In tobacco, does not al-
ler the Perception of the
uscr, Smoking a ciga-
fette nerther changes an
individual's personality,
not impairs his every-
day functioning

Smokers Purchase
Cigarettes legally in a
Society that permits the
advertising and Promo-
ion of tobacco, but the
legality of tobacco can-
not diminish its danger.
Cigarettes are composed
of substances that not
only are addictive but
also contribute toa the
deaths of people cach
year

Intemationally, ef-
forts are being made to
reduce the demand for
drugs and therefore to
work on prevention, but
the drug problem ts no
the substance onttsow n,
tous the Peronalny ot
the person and the con-
text in which he or she
lives,

The context created by
the schools and educa-
tors, the home and par-
ents, the workplace, rec-
reational area and the
whole community.

On the one hand. the
YOUNL person is rece.
INE Messages to Say no
to drugs, on the other, he
observes adults abusing
SOcially accepted drugs.

Even authorities
someumes do not fulfil
their obligations, espe-
cially when it comes to
applying laws regulat-
ing the use and sale of
alcohol and Cigaretics
while they further ben-
efit by Imposing taxes.

Young Perople are
being taught and shown
contradicting values.
We must therefore be-
cOMe aware of the re-
sponsibility we all have
inthe fightagarnst drugs

MULEKE M
COLLENS
POLYTECHNIC
STUDENT AND
CONCERNED
NAMIBIAN YOLTH
WINDHOEK

