‘Develop Projects

THE URBAN Trost of
Namibia, an urban
policy development.
pohey, advocacy and
acoon-planming NGO,
appre tates VOUT DOW S-
mupers coverage of the

Chae hers VSSOn anno) s
protests ahd Gane ems
Cotartuine the Wlunter
hank hope nai Stare
yep am aes oo Nol ibd
2, angsbs Sh os Fey
py dopa lat tig
cipandts fas pup-

Wy sla arthisnew
high-standard facility
will lose N$I.8 million
every year.

Assuming the capital
redemption on the mar-
ketas proyected over 20
years and taking into
account inflation, the
ratepayers will be los-
ing more than NSS0 mil-
lron over the next 20
vears on this facility

managed bs the suppor:
ells Nfonig 3

ahs!

“WS

offre ror

arc ery tyes
supce US ys ee Eats

syadatig ite omg yall
HYSINESs PLOPle. MANS
ofwhem willnotbe from
Katutura. We think this
amounts to both unfair
competition with small
(traders. anda huge waste
of pubhc monies.
Municipal and Minis-
try officials continue to
develop projects for the
people rather than with
the people. What did the
survey the Municipality
supposedly conducted
say, and who partici-

thor, pits cp the YW

Dvr Phyo pd tet!

CEs wble Dall
tihe actly ae:
tually have a budget
which was approved by
clected representatives.
or was the market going
forward by political
mandate rather than sen-
sible, business-like and
parucipatory planning”

By the way. has the
Government recovered”
its capital yet for the
development of the ‘in-
formal’ Horseshoe Mar-
ket?

be TT 3, og 5 fE RRO Cer BO Ae

SRerka SOQ Rae. ebb th oot
cer them business the
greater their contribu-
tonto the Government's
revenuc base. and the
more they pay in Mu-
nicipal rates and
charges.

The Municipality 1s
wasting poor people's
hard-camed money in
the name of the “infor-
mal sector”.

To increase their in-
comes and create more

re oy Oo

go ar

With The People’

robs, thy Hawkers have
comsistcauy Voiced the te
desire 10 gain access to
the CBD.

We think atts high
ime thes vared that

aceess, ahd as Business
Deapho and falepas crs
' wmoa Perey Chas
wea? nF hese BD in
w° = oggals af
ROSY  NAMOYA
VAC ORS
ENECUTLING
DIRECTOR
THE URBAN TRUST
OF NAMIBIA

