Get it right

T WOULD hike to respond to the
letter by an angry taxpaver from
Oshakatt which appeared in the
Fnidav, Mav !4, edition of the
newspaper. According to the fet-
ter, angry taxpayer saw a white
Tovota 4x @, registration number
GRN 3584 at Epaleia open marke

not more than 60km south of Rurn-
~ cana. -

The matter was investigated

- GRN 3884 16 based in Keet.
manshcop, some [2&2 km from
Enateta.

- the log sheet shows the vehices
travelled » distance of 4&7km fei

that day and never left the Keet-

manshoop area,

-our GRN 4854 15 tangerine in
colour and not white as stated in
the letter

The conclusion is that perhaps
the angry taxpayer was so angry te
the extent that he/she misquoted
the registration number O1 maybe
twas a forged number plate.

Misquoting 1s a daily problem ty
us. Fifty per cent of the reported
cases were misquoted and this ted
rothe culprits getlung away with tl
Let me use this opportunity to appeal
to all Namibians to report every
single incident of GRN abuses, but
quote correctly. By providing us
with the correct information, 11
enables us to punish the misusers.

Also itis highly appreciated if

report incidems of GRN abuses
to the nearest Namibian police
station. The police will arrange
that your complaint reaches the
relevant Ministry but remember,

quote correctly.

N NGENOMESHO
TRANSPORT OFFICER

| $ORKS, TRANSPORT,

|

COMMUNIC. —

mi .
By de dt ent,
st Mh mie tes vt ;
Ri teats mioffee Hoes 8 8, Bie
