We are now running at 25 to
1 - that is, for every 25 souls
living in Namibia, from cradle
to grave, there is one civil
servant lurking in the dark.
Perhaps the secret aim is to
achieve a 20:1 or even a 10:1
situation when the entire coun-
try will be one big civil serv-
ice, with no outsiders to tax for
if.

Surely, the solution lies in
productivity and effectivencas
and not in numbers. Sheer
numbers would tend to obstruc! |
rather than streamline; lead to
‘bureaucratic delegation ' (that
is passing the buck) rather than
prompt execution; create red
tape within red tape - a busi-
ness to organise a business.
Quickest way to solve that will
surely be to reduce the num-
bers AND to improve the ef-
fectiveness of those who re-
main.

Who will be the judge of
productivity or effectiveness?
The relevant Minister or his
Permanent Secretary? And are
they qualified for the job?

Even so, I would still be
inclined to take a chance with
the Minister and his Perma-
nent Secretary (particularly in
the tecth of a conservative,

Oe d

- ~—an—ene,
a ,” —. aah, —_—* oa —

= ss Sh fe

oe

ree Se ae

ew |

ee-ereerng ma

. i bout ty ana PANN
“cheat Te dana th Sh Tate tt all cde
