THE Questions on my

mind as a (aN Paying Na-

mibian who UNE wri tey
the salaries of those ven.
trusted” with Tunning the
nawon ts:

Are the cash gifts trom
the fishing industry to t-
nance Minister Abraham
Tyambo’'s Wedding tay-
able. and trom the fish
industry's side ean they
USe These donations as ar

Oe eck imply being

WIitC-Otty >
Also, If
Sas

the Minister
YWUestionable
fundraising tor the pry are
acuviues oF SOMe Of Our
pohticians has happened
before - what 1s he inter-
ring” That if they did qt,

Us OK for him to do it?

CSO TESTULN ITEC OWN frat

Tam against ts the dishonour that you have caused

Ob Ishe using itasa black
Maul tacue to silence Pos.
sible cnitigs of his Wed-
dine bonanzs emony
Ministerial ang other po-
hucal Colleagues?
Tyambo alone cannothe
blamed ft seems tO me
that we have a Govern-

Ment 41th no moral back-
bone. and thatthe younger
Minister appears tobe only
following the example
‘poorotsome of hiselders
and socalled betters. Does
the Government's silence
On this tssue, which ws a
erave one and of national!

ia pa) ee e

Black & Not Corrupt,
Holland

interest. Mean that thes
sanction such achsvaities,
Whether its Tyamio or
Whoever?

That is the impression
we are getting. They are
creating the wrong cul-
ture in our countrys and
Sending out a dangerous

aa Gin a . am |

Message. The example sey
atthe top makes Waves a
the bottom, The Chickens
Wwilleome home to TOK ST
Phe cocks are already
erowing. And a nation
Weeps at the moral bank.
PUPlEY Of Ils leaders. lta,
an insult to the sttugele
the people of this nation
fought.

Land Of Brave Citizen
Windhoek (via e-wail)

“=
