Problems Of D

LE WOULD Ike te re-
Spondito the letter by 4
Iithanarn The Namibian

of July 7 Concerning the
Centre tor External
Studies. Uonam  Ap.ert

froma somne detail, such
as the allosation ghoul
master Copies Of studs
mratertal forthe Diploma
in Education (Atrican
Studies) being lost, the
essence of the com-
plaints about the sen ice
provided to students al
the CES isunfortunately
accurate.
Distance educauon ts
a highly specialised
form of education that is
growing incredibly fast
worldwide, its value ly -
ing i the fact that 1
makes quality education
for people who other-
wise have no access to
schools, colleges orunt-
versities 3 practical pos-
sibility.

Distanee education
Jlso makes at possible
for adult leammers torn
erease their shall kris |
edge in their tid wrth
outhaving to leave tier
families and pfs

Vi Unum
education hus
Stated ta be the means
by which the majority
of disadvantaged
Namubtrans, who in co-
lonial times
marginalised from a
funchonal and fai cdu
cation, can be reached.
And in fact the stcadily
increasing cnrolment st
CES show that the need
fordistance cducationin

Namibia is great.

This is particularly the
case forteacher training
COUPSES.

The problem 1s thatin
Namibia distance eJdu-
cation has been largely
based onthe South Afri-

oll§ SM oBB5e &

been

were

N

ean tradition of which
Unisa is the biggest cy:
ample. The approach is
known for its emphasis
on etfretent administra:
Gon mather than student
support and rather low
quality of study mater:
als which to a large ¢x-
lent encourages rote
leamming and includes
virtually only pont as a
medium. While this ap-
proach, known as corre -
spondence tuition, has
played animportantrole,
the development of dis-
tance education sinee the
sixties has proven it to
he consen atis¢ and out

dated

In Namibia, in partiou
lar at CES, the Unisa
tradition sal prev ails in
the structure of the or-
ganisation, Because the
inherited structure does
not allow for cfficrent
funchioning of the two
basic aspects of distance
education, namely
coure material devel-
opmentand student sup-
port, CES strugelcs with
providing the kind of
distance education stu-
dents need and are enti-
Hed to

Within this system,
CES staff hase done

ther utmost ta solve oa
ses as they arise and to
keep student: services
going. The problems
pointed out by Tithana
are therclore not new to
staff Especially recently
there has been a grow-
Ng awareness about and
frustration wath these
problems.

As a CES staff mem-
ber forthe lastsix ycars,
1 feel CES must radi
cally transform the ¢n-
tire approach to distance
education. This would
include changing the
Structure im terms of
studs mutterial develop

mentind produchog (in
cluding more medtt
such as radio and audio
cassettes), student sup
port tdevelopime te
ONT CORTES ALO dd
demi support Contes
rather than administra
tise centres only min
apementand wdininista

tion and research and
evaluation.

While same changes
have occured since the
University takeover in
1991. such as the name,
a complete transforma:
tion of structures within
CES 1s essential.

Without the full sup-
port of University man-
agement, the transtor-

Mation iw impessible.

Withoutthe trunstonna-

tion, CES will be unable

to address the necds of
our students tarrly and
consistently.

; Inspite of dithiculterr:

istance Education '

cumstances and limited
resources, CES man-
aged to Train many stu
dents who indeed would
not have otherwise Tad
the opportunity Cor
tueher education
More sremiticantly,
our students are people
of amimense deternuna-
tron and courage, who
not only have (o cope
with problenis as out
lined by hithana, but also
have to deal with full
tine work and tamily
commitments. They are
achive, taxpay ing mem-
bers of society who de-
serve much better. They
are the single most in.
portant reason why itis
cTucial to transfonn or-
ganisational structures
of distance education at

Unan.

MARTSIE VENTER
CLS, UNAM
