er Se oe rs

opera 0 erage Se

Works on GRN

hho letter entitled
wRN abuses’ by Angry
Paxpaver from Oshakau
“sour paper of May 13
rebers

The Govemment Ga-
rage established that the
ehicle GRN 3SS4 ts as-
signed to the Ministry of
Transport, while vehicle
GRN 7602 belangs to the
Murusury of Health and
Social Semices Itis the
officers in charge of
these Ministnes ‘Depan-
ments tha: will have to
answeronthe charges of
vetucle abuse of their
officials

The Department of
Transpon informed me
already that they are in-
will soon provide an an-
swer.

The tnps in question
would have had to be
authorised before they

were undertaken. Private
property other than a few
personal items required
for the tip are not nor-
mally allowed and would

Cm in case there was no
authonsation

W BROCK
DEPUTY DIRECTOR -

GOVERNMENT
GARAGE

Wanaheg Oes

An open lette” to

Minister SF mication
WE tcagMers at
Wanahed Roman
Catholcf/School would
like tofappeal to you to
helpfand save us from

/situanon in which we
find ourselves.

We hg fught he

5m January to Apny30
1993. Our leaders A the
schoo! have ty@d on
many occasiogS to dis-
cuss schooY problems
with the Qfficials from
the Ministry. At the start
of the Aliscussion there
was hope wat the Minis-
try would] help or take
over the s@hoo!.

Later we\were disap-
pointed to heaNhat next
term the Ministy will
divide up the students in
the school and send them
to other schools iq Wind-
hoek. Teachers will find

themselves on the streets
again. There [is not

enoughmoney to pay the
teachers’ salaries.

