Se fv
CPI].
Ane,
ING
Uf).

at

ethet the p

Student
Has Eves
‘Opened’

PRNOW TELAT ¢ speak
on behalf of the Plate
Ms oF students at the
Wondhock Colleve or
Pducation when L com:
pletely distunce mvselt
HOw from the aotons of
Nascm, the DLA sty.
dents unten, although |
Was also. at first, maosllea’)
The reason they want
hoget nid of our good and
fare Rector, 1 because
Mr Mbudje ts not a
Herero and because he
straighforwardly says
NO when something is
wrong. The other reason
is because he stops the
house committee from
buying beer and wine
every day and viving
college money to their
trends, misusing college
tunds and college veli-
cles.
Jam enclosing a copy
of the 1995S current ac-
count and savings ac-
count expenditure, from
which you wall see that
beer and wine, unspeci-
ticd goods and moncy to
friends are the main cx-
penses. I think the Gov-
cmment must appoint a
Commission of Enquiry
about this moncy, be-
cause it is taxpayers’
money. Those guilty
must be shown the door
away from teaching and
those who threatened to
kill white teachers must
also be stopped from be-
coming teachers.
It is disgraceful that a
future teacher could
make a sign like thatend

Lhope that

