EE

42 Eroay June 21 2002

IN the wake of the unions
taking the University to
task, there are a number
of issues only an extemal
inquiry will probe to make
reasonable and just con-
clusions and recommen.
dations for the line Minis-
try or the Government to
take corrective measures.

I am not surprised at the
stand of the Minister on
problems experienced by
Unam, and the financial
predicament itis in, when
the following are happen-
ing at Unam.

* There is no equal treat-
ment of Namibians vs
non-Namibians as far as
salanes, condition of serv-
Ice are concerned even
though many have the
same qualifications.

* New appointees are
better salaned than expe-

— - Tm Gh...

BEADERS’ LETTERS

Call For External Probe At Unam

nenecd colleavucs

* There are redundant
top Manavement and Nel
vor administrative statt.
which should be viewed
as inettective and ex-
plottutive teparding: the
Current scenano

* Costly intematonal
(nps are undertaken and
there 16 no evidence of
any benefit to the univer
Sity.

* Foreign colleayues
feceive relocauon fees in
cash including spouses
and children, gratuity,
cartage of houschold ef-
fects at the beginning and
end of contract, 100 per
cent housing loan ete
Thus hiring — non-

Namibians is more expen
sivein the long-term than
adjusting the offers made
to Namubrans

* There are huge ditter-
cuce between salaries of
academic and administra:
tive staff. The universi
ty’s functions should
change from teaching to
administration.

* Too many sectional
heads. How can one be a
head in a section of two
staff members?

Some of the other prob-
lems include. Furniture
bought for expatriates ts
Not re-used of auctioned
We are led to beheve itis
stored: the Unam village
for expatriates is a Waste

Of money. the laculty af
education is too bry with
loo many departments:
there 1s duplication of in
effective security services.

The operation and en-
istence of Unam Founda-
Uonts quesuonable. There
are redundant sports and
cultural officers, redun-
dant Heads of Depart-
ments, Deans, Professors
and highly qualified aca-
demtes for a mostly un-
Uergraduate university
with few masters students,
with one to two doctoral
students

Most academics ate
doing consultancy work,
teaching: part-ume at the
Polytechme ete If one

teaches only o hours a
week. there should be fot
of time Carn cxtra
money. The number of
students does not justify
number of hired experts.
The outsourcing of print-
ing 1s about N$4 million;
staffdevelopmentis adis-
mal failure at Unam. Al-
mostall departments, fac-
ulties are ‘foreignised’.
Generally teaching 1s of a
low standard. Role and
management of the Uni-
versity farm is dubious
Even farm workers em-
ployed as Unam employ-
ces working for individu-
als are paid out of Unam
coffers

Logically, how can

lo

rT)... ame. 2s Ae

Namibian taxpayers
Money be used to further
the interest ota few. and
feed the Salary and cx
penditure bill of non na-
tlonals, or be misappro-
pnated and mismanage-
ment by a few individu-
als? Why are we afraid of
a full scale external probe?
Are we hiding something?
Are we afraid that mis-
takes made will be uncoy-
ered and individual im-
apes tarnished? Tf one
makes a mistake, ac-
knowledye and rectify at.
Pim of the opinion it will
make us prow stronger
and be much more effec-
tive, rather than denying
errors made which wall
eventually result io disin-
tegration of this umver
SUY

There isa brain dram at

= ans Ar a . 7 SY at ne
Whatever has HY and 4, 2A Tost Someone injured
rs a remained ' Nd ankle when she jumped 7
: ne ofmy 4 Out of
ce indow tromth
: © first We bh
ny my uu
_ THE Namipian
Garam 4 Quality
Namtrbian Mate leetuaty
who are

omy Govern
ment for better paid jobs

Other terllary insti
Wons Whe Nameol, Cot
leges of Education, Poly
technicof Namibia, do not
have this image and are
better managed than
Unam. Contract employ-
ecs from outside our bor-
ders are aging academics,
mostly retired or retuunng.
We need recently gradu-
ated cnergetc experts with
new ideas and vision for
educational reform, cur
nculum and instructional
design and the will to
teach) The Faculty of

Education should be
wholly Namibianised be

cause of the pool of
Namibian professionals
involved in education,
from which lecturets can
be drawn

Worried, UNAM
