Proposal On Land Reform

[PE] expropriation of
large farms will turn the
manpower of the

country into a purely

agrarian one and no
surplus labour wall be

â€”feft to industrialise the

country. | propose the
following:
A-Governmentetfort
should be directed at the
developmentof industry
and this should be agro-

based. Cotton and
sugarcane can be

produced in Namibia.
The existing large farms

have the capacity and
means to change to the
production of these
commodities. There ts
enough Walter
underground. It needs to
be harnessed wath little
ecological change and
development. India has
changed mostdry deserts
Into granaries.

B - The large farms
should be taxed heavily
above 500 hectares. This
tax could be used for
stipends for families now
unemployed. This also

will produce the etfect
thatthe large farmers wall
wantto sell their surplus
landatareasonable price.

C - 240,000 - the

number of
disadvantaged ts not of

families but total
number of population.
This would be readily
absorbed in industry.
The people able to work
are far less (divided by 5

to get the number of

tamilies = 48 000). The
sugar cane and cotton
are labour intensive

crops for harvesting
Sugar mills and cotton
industry skills are baste
and eastly fearnt. So
Namibia should take
advantage oof its
potential surplus
labour and agricultural
land, and use it to tts
advantage rather than
senselessly copy other
nations and fall into
disrepute.

Joseph Daniels
UK

Via e-mail
