the

Budget comments

GENBRALLY the
budget is quite positive
and I join the other bun-
Greds of Namibians in
welcoming it. It is par-
ucularly good for the
Government to reduce
direct tax on individu-
als

Although I consider it
positive, and congratu-
late the Minister and his
Staff, I still feel he did
not fulfill all our expec-
tations. The following
Points need to be al-
tended to by Parhament
in their deliberations:

- The Ministerhas wid-
ened the definition of
sole breadwinner to in.
clude divorced parents
with sole custody of their
children and unmarried
mothers who do not re.
cerve legal maintenance
This staterment 1s sexist
and discriminates against
uiunarnied fathers who
hive with theirminorchil-
dren without contnbu-
uion from the matemal
Side. Believe it or not,
Uhis 1s true in some cul-
lures. T am not saying
there are as many un-
Mrarned fathers withsole
custody of their children
as there are such moth-
ers, but the legal defin:-
fon should refrain from
Ssexusm.

- T have been expect-
ing legislation to change
to grant ‘dependent re.
bate’ to those who take
care of children not their
own and other disabled
adults. Some of us look
after children who attend
school but who are not
our biological or adopted
children, but we get no
rebates for them. I am
not saying there should
be a rebate for a foster
child, but at least a de-
pendent's rebate would
alleviate the burden.

The Minister referred
to the Sou ch African tax
laws. If they alfow a re-

ba Fordependents,
can't we ey
: legialation

cational insurance policy
are tax deductible,

There are obvious rea-
sons for this but it leaves
many questions unan-
swered. What relief js
there for those currently
Paying for their chil-
dren's university educa-
tion and young aduits
paying fortheis ownedu-
cation? Such payments
should be tax deductible
as well.

- This worrying to note
that the Goverment has
introduced taxation of
Parastatats. Since the
Government is the sole
shareholder, why should
parastatals pay tax in-
stead of enacting a law
that compels them to pay
all their profits to the
Slate after (transferred
specific amounts to re-
serves? Ido not think the
State will collect more
from parastatals by
Charging 38 per cent tax
The main concemis that
parastatals are Govem.
ment arms that are com
mercialised to remove
the burden from the state
An introduction of tax
signals a move towards
tolal pnvatsation. We
should be careful of this
since we have seen what
is happening at places
lithe TransNamib. What
Will happe nif itis priva-
Used? How many of our
people will lose jobs to
foreigners"

To come to the ques-
tion of sales dury, Htink
we should welcome 1
since there 15 tax rehet
on necessines. But | feel
the Minister should con-
sider classification of
lems falling into the top
Cate gory and those in the
second bracket ofluxury
items.

Some electrical equip-
ment are basic necessi-
ties like furniture, and
are not luxunes. Liquor
and cigarettes should be
inthe top bracket ofluxu-
ries to induce people to
consume less of these in
anticipation of reduced
bealth risk and crime

