GRN Should Lead By Example On HIV

AFTER many years
of evasive and apolo-
gelic reactions (alicg-
ing individual rights
and confidentiality) to
The Namibian’'s appea!
to the leaders of the
Namibian government
to lead by cxample by
allowing themselves be
tested and make their
HIV status known, itis
appallmg to hear that the
Minister of Health and
other GRN leaders are

now in unison and want

cates From people who

want to marry in the
churches. The question
herc is: Why ts the de-
mand to be made only
from those who want
lo marry’ in a church
when magistrates who
are, for instance, part
of. government, also
perform marriages in
this country?

Were the Hon Mensah

and the Deputy Prime
Minister also asked to
produce HIV certificates
BEE they married re-

elected to pass laws for
the entire country lead
by example and pass a
law that demands HIV
status from every Na-
mibian citizen and any
inhabitant of Namibia
(including MPs and all
cabinet members who
so often tend to exoner-
até themselves) and not
only churchgoers.
GRN members, put

your own house inorder

first; stop appealing to

people to go for testing
_ seach you yourselves

thle, you should rather
make your appeal at the
centre where you submit
yourself to the test.

Stop double stand-
ards; or otherwise, give
Caesar what belongs to
Caesar and to God what
belongs to God, that is:
leave churchgoers in
peace and alone until
you address the issue
of demanding the HIV
status from all inhabit-
ants of Namibia and not
only Christians.

