Out Conscience, knowl!-
edge without Character,
Commerce without moral.
ity, science without hy-
Manity, worship withou
sacrifice, polities without

* principle (The Namibian,
Friday January 21,“Quot-
able quotes”).

And L appeal to all read-
ers in Namibia to read
these words every day, to
reflect upon them and to

and put Ghandi’s wis-

eee baw
words actually

itself 0 take up perma-
nent residence in Na-
mibia.
fre stop the war
+ 8top the propaganda,
and tell the truth. Letting
the Luanda warlords bring
their war against Unita
into our country, conspir-
ing with them in advance
of our elections to brin
war to Namibia (while you
were promising “peace
and stability” to the vot-
73) amounes to selling Na-
mibia out to Angula. Do

.

w

you think because we
were once sold out to

you now
have the right to sell us
again?>

Do pottielude yourself,
frieads. Namibia is a
small, poor country that
functions like a village or
a fish bowl: you can see
night through everything,
including your Insane
chattering for more war.
You will end Up sending
thousands and thousands
of obr young people to
their deaths, turmiag owr
country tato something
like Angola.

Wat hag 25,
wee in cork
Noxhing bet ic

ee

cept huadreds of dead sot-
diers, has been gained
from our was in the DRC?
And exactly how maay
Namibian bodies are there
amon gst those who arrive,
On adaily basis, back from
the war in Angola?

If you believe | am
wrong and you are right,
please volunteer for the
frontlines 20 you can see
for yourself what borror
war brings. Aad please do

