Stop Zionist Terrorism

THE international campaign against
terrorism should also target Zionism.
We in the Palestine Support Commit-
tee (Namibia) believe that the Zionist
tulers of Israel are not interested in
peace in the Middle East.

Zionism is inherently an aggressive
and expansionist movement. Zionism
uses the dependence of American im-
perialism on oil to its own advantage
and therefore countries with the po-
groms against the Palestinian people.
Israel is a sub-imperialist outpost for
American interests. For American im-
perialism, ot! is more valuable than
Arab blood. That is why we say: No
blood for oil!

The ordinary men and women of
Israel are not our enemies, but the
Zionist rulers certainly are guilty of
crimes against humanity. All Jewish
people are not Zionists. It is a fabrica-

tion to equate anti-Semitism with anti-.

Zionism because Arabs are also
Semites.

This confabulation attempts to di-
vert attention away from the legiti-
mate struggle of the Palestinian peo-

a

ple. We do not support anti-Semitism
or the oppression of Jewish people. We
are against Zionism and we are in sup-
port of Palestinian self-determinatic

How many people know that Sav
Africa was the second choice for
ting up a Zionist state after the S:

World War? Indeed, southern . “
would have been a very differen: ‘ace
today if this had happened.

So, perhaps for this reason, people in
southern Africa need to have a special
commitment to the Palestinian issue
because it could have been some of us
being terrorised by Zionism like that.

Where is the moral outrage when
Palestinians are killed in their hun-
dreds and thousands?

The rulers of the world have a selec-
tive morality. The state of Israel must
be replaced by a secular Palestinian
state in which Arab and Jew live to-
gether in peace. The struggle against
Zionist terrorism must be led by the
Palestinian working class. Forward to
a secular Palestine.

G Malenga, WINDHOEK
