Why Waste Time Voting For Swapo‚Äù

THE judgement on Ong-
wediva ts uncalled for.
Our judges are still out
of orderand democracy ts
surely sinking. Itnolonger
makes sense foranyone to
stand in very long queues
to elect Swapo because
IL is just a waste of me.
The person (s) you voted

will not be the person to
represent you. We are very
shocked by this judge-
ment and particularly by
the intervention from top
authority. Let's please all
maintain peace and stabil-
itv in Our country by not
provoking the forces that
will destroy it. Those that

don't know much about
politics should acknowl-
edge experience from
Atricaand elsewhere that
such political conditions
cause civil conflicts and
dictatorial regimes.

S Nanghambe
Swakopmund
