Empty promises about a ‘new deal’

ALLOW ME to react to the rude
speech of the socalled Minister of
Health in the interim government,
Mr Moses Katjiuongua. (The
Namibian, May 4 1986).

The said Mr Katjiuongua was in
a state of desperation when mak-
ing this ndiculous speech, and thus
apparently did not realise his use of
uncivilised language in describing
his political opponents.

He called our leaders ‘power
drunkards, political jokers and op-
portunists’. Now to examine the
issue seriously, who is an oppor-

tunist and who is not? Why did you
run away from Swanu [o join the
MPC government? Is that not op-
portunistic and power-hungry?

You try to fool the people by tell-
ing them you don’t want a civil war
in Namibia. Is it not a civil war
which ts beng fought in the north?

Mr Katjiuongua, try and address
yourself to the real facts and pull
yourself out of that pool of
stupidity. .

It you try to be objective and
realistic, you would not be worried
about the positive actions of pro-

gressive parties aimed at the speedy
implementation of Resolution 43$.

People know what you stand for
and your empty promises of a ‘new
deal’ will not make the people
suscepuble to this cheap propagan-
da. You and your colleagues are
ruled by apartheid and confusion
and this makes you more reckless
than ever.

If you consider yourself a na-
tionalist, why do you not push for
the implementation of Resolution
435 and your Bill of Rights?

If you stay as you are, a short-

will not impress people

sighted neo-colonialist, then | can
assure you that there will be no
tranquility in Namibia as long as
we are being ruled by a foreign
power through the MPC. The
MPC government should be
abolished and replaced by a
democratically-elected government.

You cannot claim peace in a state
of continuous institutionalised
State violence and unemployment.
People need freedom, peace and

security and not torture and deten-

tion without tril. Give the people
what they want by granting them

their right to practice self

determination.

Why should you be afraid of
Resolution 435 if you ‘claim’ the
support of the people?

Lastly, I] would suggest you use
more civihsed language when mak-
ing public statements, because you
are causing ill-feeling among the

people. <

H R NGHNAMWAAMI
ARANDIS

