body in the USSR today has enough
food and clothing. | am convinced
that even in the most communist
stales, ciuzens enjoy more democ-
racy, more freedom and more justice
than the majonty here in Namibia.
The waves of protest in the commu-

nist countnes today, like the one in |
Poland, is not directed against the |

communist system itself. The Soli-
danty Union in Poland is not an anu-
communist movernent, which is trying
to destroy the Polish socio-political
structure. In fact, the union leaders
are better communists than thei rulers.

To many of those who so strongly
cTiacise the communist way of life,
communism and marxism mean the
same thing, which 1s also wrong.
Somebody can be communist and

not manust; he can be Stalmist, Maoist |

elc.

I myself do not adhere to any ide-
ology. I concern myself as a Chns-
lian only, but to be a good believer
and Christian does not mean to be
ready to kill communists and non- |
believers.

Rather it is to mean to work to-
gether and work in peace and har-
mony. If we are not prepared to do |

this, our future is bleak. To try to |

bring people to your side by creating
a fear of the unknown is primitive
and cheap propaganda, which as such
is not a part of Western civilisation
which the SADF claims to defend.

SLAVKO FILIPOVIC
P O BOX 724
OKAHANDJA
