Not the solution

IT IS unacceptable to deliberately
bypass UN Security Council
Resolution 435 which is the only
solution to the Namibian question,
The present interim government
disregards the UN settlement plan
for the Namibia issue, while it also
cannot bring about peace and
Stability in Namibia.

How can a true Namibian, who
has the interests of his country at
heart, support that government?

lt is also unable to end the
balkanisation of Namibia, and the
interim government should be re-
jected. They should know that their
assumption of power is illegal and
the progressive, pro-UN Resolution
parties in particular, must continue
io expose the pro-Pretoria and im-
perialistic nature of the interim
covernment.

The ban on meetings and rallies
will not ease the situation, and it
_must be noted that only a few peo-
ple are in favour of the status quo
In this country. But the majority
must rule.

A fair and just election will
possibly end the unjust system of
aparthend and all draconian laws in
this country,

The socalled ministers are delay-
ing independence because they have
diways played the interests of
Pretoria off against their own peo-
ple. [he voice of the oppressed is
again reminding them that recon-
Gihation means justice and
freedom,

DANNY PIUS
ONDANGUA

