ty
on
Uy
ire
the

not
5. It
ere
hey
and
unt

list

sick Of
Jorture

LHAVEbeen sick and
depressed since yes-
terday after reading
and seeing the horri-
ble picture of Geoffrey
Mwnilima in the cover
story headlined “Five
torture cases settled”
(The Namibian, July
8). 1 found it nauseat-
ing that fellow Nami-
bians can inflict such
an irreparable wound
on another in this
country of peace and
calm.

The most annoying
aspect of it is the so
called “out of court
settlement” was kept
secret thereby deny-
ing the publictheright
to news. I salute your
gallantry toovercome
fear and print the pi-
ture for the masses to
see. Kudos to your ver-
satile reporter Wermet
Menges.

Henry Ezike
Windhoek

