is M8
will

Luanda
Wants
Peace

THE Embassy of the
Republic of Angolain
the Republic of Na-
nubia, noted with pre-
occupation some in-
accuracy conceming
fhe article in your
newspaper dated 06
November | 998, with

a heading “Angola

wants to scrap the

Lusaka peace ac-
cords”, in which you
have cited the Deputy

Minister of territorial
administration, Gen-
cral Higine Carneire
as saying that Angola
wants to annul the
peace accords.

Contrary to that, the
government of Unity
and National recon-
ciliation, an outcome
of the Lusaka proto-
col, in action since | |
April 1997, consti-
tuted by members of
vanious political par-
ics including Unita,
wants to conclude the
Peace process because
of the lack of coopera-
Uon and will from the
military wing of Unita
and its leader in par-
ticular,

However, we in-
form you about this,
In order for you to un-
the problem

Jow i

in On,
qual pr
wn hies :

FETC
TION
E PR

= 2 tAam a. _.

—_v eS

Correctly

EMBASSY OF THE
REPUBLIC OF AN-

Wi
A winpnoeK

