SA Ministers visit

I WISH to express my point of view con-
cerning the recent visit of high-
ranking South African Government
Ministers to Namibia. One wonders
why they do this because it has no
meaning for Namibians. Isit possible
that South Africa’s Defence Minister
could concern himself with the Con-
stitutional Council?

Did they come here to talk about the
real situation in Namibia, or did they
come to give instructions to their
pawns in the interim government? Did
they come to re-inforce the curfew
restrictions? What is the purpose of
protecting a minority when they
disregard the wishes of the majority?

Namibians are suffering daily, long-
ing for independence, crving for self-
determination and implementation of
Resolution 435; but our humandigni-
ty is detrimentally affected by the
socalled SA DF and SWATF. the latter
created illegally in our country.

lfeeltheir visit was a provocation to
the oppressed people of Namibia, and
those who welcomed them here must
be people who have lost interest in
Namibian affairs.

Let SA leave Namibia in peace; let
them give the Namibians what they
want and forget about creating confu-
sion with an appointed, unrecognised
government which works under SA
control.

Their daily Afrikaans language
mouthpiece. instead of exposing the
realities, hinders the truth and
misleads the people. This propaganda
has no benefit toour nation. Why don't
they wanttotest the peoples’ willina
free and fair election under UN super-
vision and control?

We nee} true leadership, elected by
the people, and we believe Resolution
435 is the best solution to the Nami-
bian question.

TRUE NAMIBIAN
KATUTURA

