‘Ken

1

ALLOW ime te com
ment breNs on the re-
port uted “Kensan te
porter artested) which
appeared in The
Namibian issue of April
3

Incidents of tribal
clashes in Kenya were
first reported in 1991
Since then, the Govern-
ment has mobilised all
It resources to address
the problem. As aresult,
peace has been restored
in nearly all areas which
were affected.

The clashes which
threatened to erase the
waditional Kenyan love
for one another had as at
March 31 1994 killed
383 people and not |

500 as reported in your
paper. Anestimated 250
000 people had been dis-
placed from their
homes. Despite the sen-
sitivity of the situation
some people have been
busy spreading the mes-
sage of hatred and de-
struction in the affected
areas. For example there
Rave been malicious
press, rpeocts that the
i Fstrntwens initiates,
rages, abeie or

4 Ghies fighting

Nps
i om
ehiiiyele

PR

|
J
1
I
4
i
!
t
t
1
I
J
]

yans

| Letters to.
EAite+

t

a

L

ya

and property The Gov
emmient has also made
deliberate effors to re-
settle the clash victims
im all the aftected areas
Kenya has scen hor-
nific agedies in neigh
bounng nations andvan
nol wait to embrace a
Somaha-type of situa
uonin which all beeome
sicuims with no one able
to help anyone. In his
meet-the-people tours,
HE President Daniel T
Arap Moy has painstak
ingly preached the need
for love. peace and unity
in order to prevent the
country from sliding into
chaos.

A responsible press
should play an invalu
able role in the mainte-
nance of a nation’s sta-
bility. While the Ken-
yan press has on the
whole not been lacking
in this respect, there are
sections of the print
media who have often

forgotten that the con
Stututional right ot tree
dom of the press has its
obhgations The journal
its involved. like all
othercitizens & ho break
the hiw are required to
answer tor their decds
before the cormpetent
vourts of the land That
is the situation in which
Mutegi Nyau of the Datly
Nation and a few others
landed themselves

Its a matter of utter
nusrepresentation, dis
tortion and sabotage tor
anybody to accuse the
government of harbour
Ing Intentions to perse-
cute one section of the
affected commumics
allegedly because such
section supports the op-
position President Moi
himself, while assunng
the nation of the Gov
emmeat's firmconimit-
ment to the multi-party
polttical system, has re-
peatedly stated that no

wc wil Be penalised fot
nob supportiny the rul
IN’ Patty

Kenya. like Nanubis,
stand of
Peden region of tur
Therefore. only
Peophe with question
able knowledge of the
country’s political and
social structure can de-
seribe the events which
took place in $994 2 as
in the ensuing period as
“shaky democratisa
Thon

J behese those who
compiled the cepon un-
der review will tind
difficult to substantiate
their conclusion

fends oA

mou

JSEFU
KENYAN HIGH
COMMISSIONER

Note To ail intents and
purposes. despite a lip
service to multr-party
democracy since De-
cemiber 1992 “laws and

. TaN
jet otruee dbs the Show
Cie te fi
Damier betacen the po

Serine nt Asoo
teptianofderien Gacy and
the reality  withia
Kenya This an the
words of the Robert
Kenneds Memoria!
Centre for Human
Rights inus Kenva 1993
pubheation ‘Failing the
Democratic Challenge’
The government stttt
undoubted], fears politi:
cal expression and this
is borne out by the fre-
quent arrests of opposi-
ton politicians and jour-
nalists In the course of
1993 alone there were a
number of incidents
which certainly do not
point to tolerance of cntt-
cism, of free expression
tor that matter in March

Jast year, the Bntish Fr-

nancial Times was

seized as well as copies
of The Independent, be-
cause of critical edtton-
als. In the same moath

Nation and The Stand-

ard reporters weat un-

decground following
police searches. Copies
of The Watchman and

Finance. among others,

were also seized. Cop-

ies of The Peaple were
impounded. Church
publications, such as

Jitegemac, were im-

pounded and joumalists

goes on and on. [a view
