€

Independence Soul Searching

ON Match 21 1990 4 new
Nation way bora Citizens
1) This new nutron stood
tall wath pride atthe low.
enmy of the tla of the
Republic of South Atnica
and when this new nae
tron’s thin was hosted
They said to one an
other the old sas ine of the
Negroes in America. We
hase overcome Phes
said to one another, “We
are sictortous” atid thea
thes made a pledye
“Never shall we allow
Apartheid and discrimy-
nation to take place re this
country avain”, und eve-
rybodsy then yotned in
unity and said, “Let tree:
dom reign, Iet peace
rerun, Jetounity reren 7
This country is Namibna
However, something
then went tembly wrony
and the aspirations of
many and ther dreams
have become onls Wuston
aod myth instead of real-
1
As we go back and look
back at Namibia's nine
years of independence |
cannot do othemsise than
feel a sense of being a
failure as a Namuibran
This ts because at our in:
dependence we said to
one another that we have
everything under control:
indeed, we were told bs
our leaders, “We have
been in the intematonal

community lone enough
Hotta repeatthe mistakes
made bs others 7

[ audabls teaders
mitroduced the polos ot
recone ation

our

natronal
Yes. we adapted econsue
tugion that has beoome a
role model oot only in
Atrrca but indeed in the
world at large, However,
something yust went
wrone and nine
later Namibia has Jost its
idcenuty as a nauon
PE know that speech af-
ter speech will be xrven
hy our leaders dumng our
independence celebra-
trons over the weekend
and we woll be told that
everything wy just fine
This ss like Chinua
Achebe, the Nigerian
Writer, writing inthe earls
days of Nipertan inde-
pendence He said “we all
have been in the rain to-
gether until yesterday, we
have not been indoors
enough but when our
Masters left we barr-
caded ourselves and from
within we sought to pur-
sue everyone so that all
arvuments must cease and
that all people must speak
with one voice.”
Fellow Namibians, it rs
a sad reality that the
Swupo government that
promised so much has to-
tally failed in fulfilling
those promises. Those

years

whoo were po oxtle have

barricaded
with all the wealth that
Namibia has and todas

Mayouity at

themsclyes

shel. the
Nambrans are faved with
Povoits, them
hase become

Yes, there will be

fans ot
iflron-

ALEON
those of you who, white
reading this letter will Say,
can this puy notbe happy
toronce on Independence
Dar?

Brothers and sisters,

my consercave dictates to
me that lh cannot be happs
and eelebrate our inde-
pendence while
* The majyonty of our peo-
ple are suffering under
Severe poverty
* The Government has
farled in addressiny the
everimercasiny rate of une
emplosment
* The Swapo Party fas be-
tayed history by amendine
the consttuuon for a third
term for Nujoma. The
Swapo Party has shown that
they are not fit to govern this
county.
* The Swapo government
despite the search for na-
tional reconciliation ts
Promoting one tribe
above the others

How then, brothers and
sisters, can one celebrate
independence if this re-
mains the status quo?

As we celebrate our in-
dependence we must be

roads asa alton to fake
stock of the mistakes ot
the past so that we can
enter the future with con
tidenes
those of us

[his is se be-

Lause she

spearheaded the Libor

ton sttuvete to thas dogs
cal conclusion are mot
necessarily the heroes
bue PE beltese those whe
lund the foundatronm are
real heroes

Namibrans and the oar
Tent Swapo goxernmicnt
have not set marcied ong
another The truth as this
hes an the fact that what
Nanubians wantand hat
Swapo can offer arc we
difterentthings Atthe 9th
independence celebra
tions Namoibrans must
startwith a soul searching
Indeed we must

whether

CATES
ask oursclyes
Swaupo is sul fit to rule
this country and if net
whats the alternauve?

It is sad, however, that
many of us remain 1gno-
rantof whatis really hup-
pening in this country. As
long as we benetit trom
the system we are pore
suading every bods to sas
that evervthing 3s okay
However, the realty is
that everything is not
nghe

JOSEPH
KAUANDENGE
WINDHOEK

