~ On civil service

IT is only when we the
civil servants are well-
informed about the eth-
ics and responsibilities
of civil servants that the
majority of staff mem-
bers will be able to ad-
just themselves to the
ongoing restructural
problem.

It is obvious that the
progress, pf any country.
is seriotisly jeopardised
when the civil servants
are not well informed
about the ethics and re-
sponsibilities of civil
servanis.

In his address during
the workshop organised
for permanent sceerctar-
ics at Gross Barmen, the
Right Honourable Prime
Minister, Comrade Hage
Geingob, emphasised the
following:

* gucucs al govern-
ment offices: .

* the need for perma-
Nenlsecretarics lO assess
people's feelings about
the quality of service they
receive,

* terminally buresu-
cratic offices:

*sense of commilment
and dedication;

* the use of the tel-
ephone:

* recruitment, promo-
tion and responsibility
and accountability.

IL is my personal un- |
derstanding that civil '
servants must be acutely
conscious of the crucial
role they play in achicv-
ing government abjec-
tives of bringing about
peace, orderly develop-
ment and prosperity to
the country. Obviously,
we can only achieve this
through the act of creat-
ing awareness and
through individual com-
mitment.

All the remarks made
by the Prime Minister
reflect the daily occur-
rence in individual
ministeries. Some per-
manent secretaries de-
cide to be exclusive and
some are so dismissive
that they are no longer in
contact with theirstaffin
particular and the public
in general. Some resort
to so much secrecy that
they are nol aware as (0
which information is
confidential and which
we a member of the
civil service, I am quite
convinced that we have
much to learn, but be

s —_ —_——, - - ~ <n

= Ch =. am FRO 8 4dlClUehlCUelee:lCUF UCPC ele lc

P Ae J

C
a)
a)
¢
ed
ts
wy,
00
Cy yy
rrieaire
‘a
., '
,12 8k den
s

