On Heroes Day

A FEW days from now,”
Namibians from all walks
of life will commemorate
Heroes Day on August 26.

Significantly this is a
remarkable day, because of
the nature of the liberation
activities which occurred on
that day between the indige-
nous brave sons and daugh-
ters of this country and the
then colonial forces al
Ongulumbashe in the north-
erm part of the country.

Those liberation activities
germinated or brought about
national independence and
cemocracy. It has been a
bitter struggle as it was
depicted by the Honourable
Minister and veteran politi-
cian Andimba Toivo ya
Toivo during his political
trial.

It was a life or death situ-
ation but despite that, the

Namibian people undez their :

then vanguard liberation

movement Swapo fought

heroically and pledged or

vowed not to stop their

struggle until all colonial

evils were burned and genu-

ine national independence

based on the concept of
democracy was achieved.

On 21 March 1990, the

pledge of the Namibian

" people became a reality and

| the nation was crowned with

the shining star which even-

tually placed our country

_ and nation on the world map.

Before the achievement

of national independence and

democracy, thousands and

© thousands of our brothers

-_ and sisters, the loved ones

Be we. who consistently stood firm

Ma eainst the then colonial
fitges sacrificed their pre-
eis) g lives.
Wmiaetherefore true, that
Baia is a land of the
midiit.is:also practi-
Becihat'the majority
etexhave made it
meme country 0
Bhe land of
more ne-
nha 4 there-
Boy the
