in his offices one comes to the
conclusion that their attitude
is the same as the former DTA
goverment.

The status of teachers is
definitely affected by their
working conditions, low sala-
cies, inadequacy of the gov-
emment to provide sufficient
teaching aids, books, proper
schools and libraries.

Most of the teachers are also
parents - they also need cloth-
ing, food, have to pay for their
children at high schools and
hostels, and fees. As govern-
ment employees they get no
reduction in their school or
hostel fees and don't even hr
the privilege of getting a cer-
tain amount of money tax free.

I think the Minister, when
be said that '‘humankind does
not respect beggars’’, should
look at himself: for years he
was a person in exile, a non-

n, a terrorist in the eyes
of the South African Govern-
ment and now he is a very
respected and honourable

