Shame or UK
THE CONSPIRATORIAL and pro-
vocative visit to Oranjemund by the
British Ambassador to South Africa,
Sir Patrick Moberly, with his team,
must be condemned in the strongest
terms.

Shame on Sir Patrick, who did this
instead of persuading British Prime
Minister, Mrs Margaret Thatcher, to
apply tough sanctions against the
apartheid regime in Pretoria; the
withdrawal of all foreign companies
from Namibia and South Africa; and
advise CDM and cther capitalist com-
panies to cease their exploitation of
Namibiaâ€™s natural resources for the
principle benefit of the ruling white
minority in South Africa and other
imperialistic nations.

We workers see his visit as illegal;
and call upon him to tell Mrs That-
cher the following: that the presence
of these companies lend legitimacy to
the illegal occupation of Namibia;
that ene we taxes ve me these. com:

