Get it right

I WOULD like to respond to the
letter by an angry taxpayer from
Oshakati which appeared in the
Friday, May 14, edition of the
newspaper. According to the Ici-
ter, angry taxpayer saw a whitc
Toyota 4x 4, registration number
GRN 3554 at Epalela open marke!
not more than 60km south of Rua-
Cana. ® or €8 . |

The matter was investigated.

- GRN 3554 is based in Kect-
manshoop, some 1282 km from
Epalela:

- the log sheet shows the vehicle
travelled a distance of 487km for
that day and never left the Kect-
manshoop area;

- our GRN 3554 is tangerine in
colour and not white as stated in
the letter.

The conclusion is that perhaps
the angry taxpayer was so angry (0
the extent that he/she misquoted
the registration number or maybe
it was a forged number plate.

Misquoting is a daily problem to
us. Fifly per cent of the reporte:|

ence a, Ce

a em e

cases were misquoted and this led

| tothe culprits getling away with it.

Let me use this opportunity to appeal
to all Namibians (o report every
single incident of GRN abuses, bul

quote correctly. By providing.

ney | eee ne
' i ‘ Yj - i 7 |
WB thinvee’ cee
a % . ‘ '

i
me i

yell bili

