— A ‘Peace’ Of Cake ...—_

I CAN restate that peace is the ultimate gift one can
expect from those to whom were entrusted the powers

to govem, fo oversee the people's wellbeing.

Peace isdefined in the Webstcr dictionary as ... “the
state of freedom from social disturbance, a state of
order or security in a community”. People may be nch
but if there is no peace, this nation Is doomed.

The government and the people of this country must
work hand-in-hand for acommon goal: rebuilding and
development of the land - and put their social, reli-
gious and cultural differences aside. The government
which was elected by the people and which has armies,
bombs and other killing materials should not abuse the
national patriotism to oppress, harrass and persecute

those holding different political opinions.

People must help the government and pay their taxes
and, as the recipient of these taxes, the government
must construct roads and allow loans for agricultural
development

As a woman, I see peace as a birthday cake. It takes
a lot of ingredients: patience and love. Peace is not
created by one person. A refugee woman is the target
of rape, violence, harassment, prejudice and mostly
the offenders go free, unpunished and ready to repeat
their offences. There is no tangible ‘piece’ of peacc.
Peace must be whole and enjoyed by all the people of
the country. Peace is a woman who needs to be taken

care of. Welcome Peace.
A ASANDAMBONGO, OSIRE REFUGEE CAMP

a lh *
1? A,

in a
Para a - ot
