Tsumeb boycott

OPEN LETTER TO
NOMTSOUB COUNCILLORS

THE CONSUMER boycott of the
white business area from the
mineworkers is in its sixth week in
Tsumeb. |

Many of the white businessmen are
really feeling it now, because there
is nothing to keep the business run-
ning on.

For the attention of the General
Manager of the Mine (TCL) there are
certain workers’ demands, which in-
clude a call for an increase in
salaries. There are also grievances
concerning the high taxes they pay;
and the war in the north. |

The residenta are supposed to put |
their grievancea to the Nomtsoub

| Community Councillors who were

never elected by the residents of the
town. The socalled Councillors
distribute some propaganda through
the Nomtsoub township as well as in
the workers’ hostel.

They say that we are in a free and
independent land. Please, Coun.
cillors, don’t mislead the people.
Think of what happens in the nor.
thern part of aur country. People are
suffering and innocent people are dy-
ing at the hands of SADF and

It is our money we pay in taxes that
thay use to buy Casapirs, to destroy
our lands, and perpetrate other
