Gambling Is A Matter Of Concern

THERE 1s increasing de-
mand for gambling to be
legahisedin Nanubia. As
a private cHizen WIS tsa
matter of great concern
to me. The main dT Qu-
ments in favour of a te-
galised institution of
gambling isthatit would
generate much-necded
revenue to fund govern-
ment social pro-
grammes. Suchan argu-
ment is pericious in its
ultimate effect and cre-
ates a false sense of so-
cial responsibility.

It is my considered
view that, in a country
like Namibia, no useful
purpose could be
achieved by the institu-
tion of state-run or regu-
jated gambling.

There is substantial
evidence from other
countries toindicate that
control by regulation
does not prevent exploi-
tation by the criminal
element. Instead there
develops increasing
pressure onlaw enforce-

ment authorities, with
resultant higher costs to
the taxpaying public. If
the law cannot be en-
forced, then there de-
velop poor attitudes to-
wards the law and law
enforcement. In addi-
tion, I contend that le-
galised gambling
through lotteries will not
stop iHegal sales of for-
eign sweepstake tickets
or fraudulent lotteries.
Conducting the lotteries
under government aus-
Pices will not avoid this
danger either.

Having followed the
debate on gambling,
there is an illusion that
financial returns from
lotteries and other forms
of gambling will provide
a much-needed source
for revenue. The fact that

a growing number of the
public preter an illusion
like this is no argument
for legalisation of lotter-
ics. An unenlightened
majority will most prob-
ably be wrong, especially
when it ignores the ex-
perience of history. Fur-
thermore, it can be read-
ily demonstrated that lot-
teries are an uneconomi-
cal way to raise money.
A good example can be
obtained from Ireland.
The total income from
the Irish hospitals from
the Irish sweepstakes,
counting all money now
gathered in Canada, the
US, Britain and else-
where, amounts to about
four million dollars a
year. This is less than
the 19 per cent of the
money paid by those who

bought genuine sweep-
stake tickets, excluding
the sums spent on coun-
terfeit tickets.

The legalisation of the
institution of gambling
weakens the basic
premise of the good so-
ciety, namely the Chris-
tian and humanitarian
concept of social respon-
sibility for one’s neigh-
bour.

Namibia being a pre-
dominantly Christian
community, I believe it
is a Christian duty to
take unto one’s self the
need for one'sneighbour
instead of taking from
him.

The fact is that often
those people whoengage
in gambling are those

who are'least able’ to afs.i:

ford the financial cost.

The low-income groups
and the deprived por-
ion of our population
seem to be most suscep-
tible to gamling

Thus Jotteries mas
contribute sndirectly to
the cost of health and
social services for cer-
(ain sections of the popu-
lation.

T hold the conviction
that gambling. even ofa
minor nature, is contrary
to the Christian ethic.
The commandment,
‘Thou shalt not covet’
makes clear the Biblical
teaching that men are
hot to seek their own
material advancement at
the expense of others.

OIVA ANGULA
WINDHOEK

Note: The writer states

that the views in this

letter do notin any way
represent these of his
employer, the Council
of Churches, This letter
hes aise beanshontaned.
-Ed.
