‘Develop Projects With The People’

THE URBAN Tnsst of
Namibia, an urban
policy development.
policy, advocacy and
action-planning NGO.
appreciates your ncws-
paper's coverage of the
Hawkers” Association's
protests and concems
regarding the Munici-
pality’s Informal Mar-
ket inSoweto, Katutura.

We think Ub is espe:

Sjallv important that the
‘ Municipality has pub-
ficly stated that this new
high-standard facility
will lose N$1,8 million
every year.

Assuming the capital
redemption on fhe mar-
ket is projected over 20
years and taking into
account inflation, the
ratepayers will be los-
ing more than N$50 mil-
lion over the next 20
years on this facility

managed by the suppos-
cdiv efficient: Munict-
pality!

This amounts to a
huge subsidy tor largely
middle-income small
business people, many
of whom will not be from
Katutura. We think this
amounts to both unfair
competition with small
traders, anda huge waste
of public monies.

oe and Rh Ai . .

try offici
develop projects for the
people rather than with
thé people. What did the

_ as ari let

pated inthe survew? Did
the parucipants have an
Opportunity fo review
the results of the sur-
vey? Did the municipal
engineers who planned
and burit the facility ac-
tually have a budget
which was approved by
elected representatives,
or was the market going
forward by political
mandate rather than sen-
sible, business-like and
participatory planning?

By the way, has the
Goverment recovered

We think itis time to
recognise that the citv's
small traders are rate.
navers too They pas
indirect sales taxes to
the Goverment on atl
therrinputs, and the bet-
ter their business the
greater their contribu-
tion to the Government's
revenue base, and the

more they pay in Mu-
nicipal rates and
charges.

The Municipality is
wasting poor peopie’s

- hard-earned money in
the name of the “infor-

To increase their in- &
comes and create more

yobs, the Hawkers have
consistently voiced thei
desire 10 gain access to
the CBD. ;

We think it is high
time they gained that
access, and as business
people and ratepayers,
they can achieve this
resultfor much less than
NSE mithon a vear.

ROSY
JACOBS
EXECUTIVE
DIRECTOR

THE URBAN TRUST
OF NAMIBIA

NAMOYA

\

