Budget comments

GENBRALLY the
budget is quite positive
and I join the other bun-
dreds of Namibians in
welcoming it. It is par-
ucularly good for the
Goverment to reduce
direct tax on individu-
als

Although I consider it
positive, and congratu-
late the Minister and his
Staff, I still feel he did
Not fulfill all our expec-
tations. The foliowing
points need to be at-
tended to by Parliament
in their deliberations:

- The Mimsterhas wid-
ened the definition of
sole breadwinner to in.
clude divorced parents
with sole custody of their
children and unmarried
mothers who do not re-
ceive legal maintenance.
This statement is sexist
and discriminates against
utunarned fathers who
live with theirminorchil-
dren without contribu-
tion from the matemal
side. Believe it or not,
this 1s true in some cul-
tures. I am not saying
there are as many un-
mamied fathers with sole
custody of their children
as there are such moth-
ets, but the legal defini-
tion should refrain from
sexism.

- T have been expect-
ing legislation to change
to grant ‘ re-
bate’ to those who take
care of children not their

There ars obvious roe-
soos for this but it leaves
many questions unan-
swered.

dren’s university educa-
tion and young adults
paying for their own edu-
cation? Such payments
should be tax deductible
as well,

- Itis worrying to note
that the Government has
introduced taxation of
Parastatals. Since the
Govemment is the sole
Shareholder, why should
parastatals pay: tax in-
stead of enacting a law
that compels them to pay
all their profits to the
State after transferred
specific amounts to re-
serves? I donot think the
State will collect: more
from parastatals by
charging 38 per cent tax.
The main concem is that
Parastatals are Govem.
ment amms that are com
mercialised to remove
the burden from the state
An introduction of tax
signals a move towards
tolal privatisation. We
should be careful of this
sinve we have secn what
ts happening at places
like TransNamib. What
will happen if it is priva-
used? How many of our
people will lose jobs to
foreigners?

To come to the ques-
tion of sales dury, I think
we should welcome it
since there is tax rediel
on necessthes. But I feel
the Minister should con-
sider classification of
items falling into the top
Category and those in the
second bracket of luxury
items.

Some electrical equip-
ment are basic necessi-
ties like furniture, and
are not luxuries. Liquor
and cigarettes should be
inthe top bracket oftuxn-
ries to induce petpls to
Consums leas of thees in

an
ee
eee
hee Hf
