Is Resettlement Sustainable?

THE list of resettlement
claimants is growing. The
criteria used as
“previously
disadvantaged” is too
broad. The question ts
whether there is enough
resettle-able land for all
the current and future
Namibians. Land never
grows but population does
and is.

Are we only
empowering the current
generationsand forgetting
about what will happen to
the future ones?

Will there be land to be
bought and settled (free of
charge) for our younger
generations?

Who will bother buying
a farm while there are
those given to them free?

Is there not going to be
war between the resettled
families and future
landless families?

Why does resettlement
dominate the Government

agenda as if there are no
other sustainable options?

Why do people have to
be resettled (at all)?

I think people need land
to. improve _ their
livelihoods. The question
remains will most of the
beneficiaries be better off?
What will happen to the
6% GDP contribution?

The N$I_ billion
targeted for purchasing
resettlement land is too
much for nothing.
Namibia has dynamic
entrepreneurs who want
to diversify this economy
by investing in
manufacturing activities
to replace most of the
imports that the country
heavily depends on and
also to broaden the
economy’s tax base. It is
healthy for the
Government to meet its
challenges, but could it
not secure loans from our
financial instituuons.

The billion should be
splittocover other prionty
areas, mostly those that
are creating employment
opportunities for our
youth. The Government
should not only be putting
pressure on commercial
farmers butalsoon private
business to finance the
SMEs - especially the
foreignowned companies
who don’t reinvest their
capital in Namibia but
trade in the country.

A good empowerment
program should
encourage domestic
investment. I think
employment creation
should be a prionty here
and its solution would
accelerate the public’s
confidence in
Government, rather than
allocating expensive dry
and often unproductive
land to the poor
Namibians.

The Government is

very quiet on this. You
need income to be able to
survive on a small-scale
farming. Land to me is
not and has never been a
big question. Our
politicians must get
serious. I don't believe
land expropriation would
add some political score
to the ruling party but
rather aggravate the
existing poverty and
create conflicts thereby
sabotaging our fragile
economy as happened to
our neighbour.
Resettlement programs
should not be a political
process but a socio-
economic programme
with eyeson both spheres.
Ifthe ruling party wants to
tule forever, it should
simply facilitate the
creation of employment
Opportunities.

Shikongeni Nanghambe
Swakopmund

