Proposal On Land Reform

IFEEL expropriation of
large farms will turn the
manpower of the
country into a purely
agrarian one and no
surplus labour will be
left to industrialise the
country. I propose the
following:
A-Governmenteffort
should be directed at the
development of industry
and this should be agro-
based. Cotton and
sugarcane can be
produced in Namibia.
The existing large farms

have the capacity and
means to change to the
production of these
commodities. There is
enough water
underground. It needs to
be harnessed with little
ecological change and
development. India has
changed most dry deserts
into granaries.

B - The large farms
should be taxed heavily
above 500 hectares. This
tax could be used for
stipends for families now
unemployed. This also

will produce the effect
that the large farmers will
want to sell their surplus
land at areasonable price.

C - 240,000 â€” the
number of
disadvantaged is not of
families but total
number of population.
This would be readily
absorbed in industry.
The people able to work
are far less (divided by 5
to get the number of
families = 48 000). The
sugar cane and cotton
are labour intensive

crops for harvesting.
Sugar mills and cotton
industry skills are basic
and easily learnt. So
Namibia should take
advantage of its
potential - surplus
labour and agricultural
land, and use it to its
advantage rather than
senselessly copy other
nations and fall into
disrepute.

Joseph Daniels
UK
Via e-mail
